lib/widget/widgets/data/README.md, before:

# Class Documentation

## Overview

This is a brief summary of what the class does.

## Class Definition


The `ClassName` class is defined as follows:
```python
class ClassName:
    def __init__(self, arg1, arg2):
        # initialization code
        pass

    def method1(self, arg1, arg2):
        # method 1 code
        pass

    def method2(self, arg1):
        # method 2 code
        pass
```

## Methods


#### method1(self, arg1, arg2)

* Description: This is a brief description of what the method does.
* Parameters:
    * `arg1`: A brief description of the first parameter.
    * `arg2`: A brief description of the second parameter.
* Returns: A brief description of what the method returns.

#### method2(self, arg1)

* Description: This is a brief description of what the method does.
* Parameters:
    * `arg1`: A brief description of the first parameter.
* Returns: A brief description of what the method returns.

## Attributes


* `attribute1`: A brief description of the attribute.
* `attribute2`: A brief description of the attribute.

## Examples

Here are some examples of how to use the class:
```python
example = ClassName('arg1', 'arg2')
example.method1('arg1', 'arg2')
print(example.attribute1)
```

## Notes


* Any additional notes or caveats about the class or its methods.

## Changelog


* A list of changes made to the class, including the version number and a brief description of each change.

Commit message:

added more to the data widget documentation

lib/widget/widgets/data/README.md, after:

# Data Widget Documentation

## Overview
This widget is responsible for reading the requested data from a SQLite file corresponding to the GND and returning it as JSON according to several parameters. The function is called by visiting the /data endpoint and including the parameters in the query, upon which the JSON is rendered in HTML. The JSON is then passed to the frontend, where the JavaaScript uses its fields to construct the diagrams.

## Constructor
The `GND` class is defined as follows:
```python
class ClassName:
    def __init__(self, arg1, arg2):
        # initialization code
        pass

    def method1(self, arg1, arg2):
        # method 1 code
        pass

    def method2(self, arg1):
        # method 2 code
        pass
```

## Methods


#### method1(self, arg1, arg2)

* Description: This is a brief description of what the method does.
* Parameters:
    * `arg1`: A brief description of the first parameter.
    * `arg2`: A brief description of the second parameter.
* Returns: A brief description of what the method returns.

#### method2(self, arg1)

* Description: This is a brief description of what the method does.
* Parameters:
    * `arg1`: A brief description of the first parameter.
* Returns: A brief description of what the method returns.

## Attributes


* `attribute1`: A brief description of the attribute.
* `attribute2`: A brief description of the attribute.

## Examples

Here are some examples of how to use the class:
```python
example = ClassName('arg1', 'arg2')
example.method1('arg1', 'arg2')
print(example.attribute1)
```

## Notes


* Any additional notes or caveats about the class or its methods.

## Changelog


* A list of changes made to the class, including the version number and a brief description of each change.
